I have some beauty spots from ever hello
myself yalla hello myself Mookie to
allah ki jala jala jala it and my friend
Sam very hot but my husband should be
very full
he should take me out to a hotel in
every Sunday if you are cool enough to
handle me mail will photograph too hot
jawala at casual attire hi i am
taking from matrimonial a lie I a sick
bag s is good but not necessary we
covered a number but people in my
hometown call me g 465 that is because I
am the inventor of many dishes
especially gooby 6560 I also know how to
cook movie 66 and will be 67 achamma
cordage and allie ware movies is 2pi HTC
hd7 my name is Stan me and my friends
calling with an o loving actually I am
looking for my old one or same as it
filled
is it ah she should always add me to our
son and rub his back at night
but is it a walk you should never call
state d kitty dolly because I'm not
going to play with him Teddy darling I
need you girl I need a girl Oh willing
to come to my level i need a go
she should know Eddie leave the boy have
his own mango orchard because I'm much
possessive about sharing my mangoes
during mango season maybe hello i am
with you and I am only 50 fire soon I am
divorced two times but i am very
innocent and Phil looking to marry once
again a child is como cha cha hey maka
maka each group doesn't matter so
ideally I would like to marry a woman
younger than myself oh hi I'm here shuda
met Erica new yeah oh yeah
Oh welcome namaste I'm a modern day
woman looking for a modern day man so I
will not give my name because what is in
the name what is in the main your
identity tip I will never dance with him
because I do not want him to leave that
is also very insulting permanent 0 plus
a brainless idiot how is dancing with mr
equals 0 insult okay Goomer haha hey
guys if you enjoyed this video please
like some in church and please subscribe
to our channel for more amazing videos
till then thanks